Look, I'm human. I 'm the decade of
cnb I'm 21 years old and I'm here
answered the questions concerning the
menik nor another game I played
gold was a great school craft that
called the morning the child is a dementia
when you have a lot of creativity and
Maschio munich will fall over time
The child stayed behind with his mana is in the
early morning xd later maló between the
favorites are sure to be zed the
I did not cut the cut to keita in a tail
It's just the boy I have I do not like
to play against areas is Aryan denies funk
boring I think if I could walk away
on the butt in the sand area
I do not like it when someone is insulting.
cursing the shows is in the promotion of
Ok, and I do not go back to him, face to face.
I try to be sarcastic or give an indirect
that people usually touch and
they try to be funny
usually it 's just dumb
I think I'm good because I can
see what I have to do in each
game I know if I have to play more
aggressive in the most defensive game and play
more
the team or if a little more selfish
in- question farm-in site sells except
ned school I think sport does not
nothing slims think I went to win
I think in five pounds but it's okay
you have to police yourself, you have to
have your time on the computer and the time
sometimes the activity was nobody but
That eating foolery I did not think in faith
So I lost weight. It was not even me.
sure we had a motivation
that's how it is when I started doing
stream was calling me chubby
That's the end of faith, it's not just from Miami anymore.
that no one spoke mother was this was where
I started running on the street and lost weight
She was good because I also tattooed the
Her name is from here she does not stay with
jealous
but my mother always supported me a lot
that I do then I find that boring is
up close
also in the beginning when I started
when he left the first ramps in Switzerland
I think I stayed about 20 hours
followed playing to her dick but already
has a lot of time but I think with 20 more
hours
I think this is the first step is if
Do you want to be the best? What do you have to do?
consider it better because if not you do not
Will you be able to get there ?
yes it is obvious but adapted to each shot and
has its specific qualities that
fits better for your teams
but the first step if you
wants to be a champion if you want to be the
better you consider the best in
My opinion, the memory is so
competitive to win the championship
brazil game show international
I was happier there than when
I was Brazilian champion in 2002 because
scenario was further developed
we really had trained a lot
for that if prepared very and
I managed to finish that championship in
first was happiness and can not
Do not even remember the real ones.
Then she told me about the experience I've had